an action scene out of a movie really
taking place in Oshkosh last night
reports of thousands of 20 and $100
bills floating down a busy city street
the only catch the money was fake Fox
11th Chad Doran spoke to a man who found
some of it I pulled over in a panic you
know thinking that they were real Nathan
I'll get it did what most any driver
would do seeing what appeared to be
thousands of dollars in cash floating in
the street they were flying around in
the street then on the sides and then a
couple of months I'd walk L geta says he
grabbed it $340 at all however it turns
out the money is fake this is a picture
of the counterfeit money he found well
at first glance it might look real
police say the money lacked watermarks
was made on plain paper and most of the
bills had matching serial numbers you
know all the the witnesses said is that
they saw the money laying out on the
street so we're not sure where the money
actually came from if this somebody
through but the vehicle or walked by and
threw it on up to the street the money
was scattered from here at Murdoch in
Jackson about four blocks down the
street an officer Nicol says they know
other people picked up some of the money
and they want them to come forward with
the citizens that did pick up the money
if you get caught with it and you're
trying to use it okay well now you're
talking in felony Nichols says L geta
and a delivery driver for a local
business turned in nearly one thousand
dollars in counterfeit cash Tuesday
night the 20s probably about five of
whom had one couple of them had another
serial number and it looks like somebody
just got frustrating probably through
morning
Oshkosh police are warning local
businesses to be extra vigilant about
counterfeit money and anyone with
information is asked to call the Oshkosh
Police Department in Oshkosh Chad Doran
Fox 11 News Nichols says investigators
are now trying to determine if these
bills are connected in any way to the
other recent incidents that have been
reported in the Fox Valley area printing
and trying to pass counterfeit money is
a federal offense both charges can carry
up to a 15 year prison sentence